---
layout: post
title:  "Módulo 5"
date:   2016-06-14 19:00:00
categories: 
---

2016-06-29 13:00-15:00

# Evaluation and final class


Here is your final evaluation. It is a "creative" assignment.

1. Use Excel to create a spreadsheet. Save it as "mydata.csv". Make sure to use the "csv" format (not Microsoft's Excel format).
2. Think of 3 questions to ask your colleagues.
    - Question 1 must have a numeric answer (for example, "How old are you?" or "How tall are you?")
    - Question 2 must have a categorical answer (for example, "What is your sex?" or "Are you Mozambican?" or "Do you prefer Barcelona Football Club or Real Madrid?")
    - Question 3 can be anything you want
3. On the top row of your spreadsheet, create cells for "name", "q1", "q2", "q3".
4. Ask _at least_ 10 colleagues your 3 questions. Save the responses in your spreadsheet
5. Create an R script called "mycode.csv". In this R script, read in your data ("mydata.csv") and perform an analysis. This analysis can be anything you want, but should reflect the things you've learned in the class.
6. When you're finished, email the following 3 things to joebrew@gmail.com
    - Your 3 questions
    - mydata.csv
    - mycode.R

# Other details

Congratulations! You have made it to the end of the "Introduction to R" class.


## Books

Here are some great books for continuing your learning of R

- [R in Action](http://cismr.com/rinaction.pdf)
- [R for spatial analysis](http://cismr.com/rforspatialanalysis.pdf)
- [Open introduction to statistics with R](http://cismr.com/openintrostats.pdf)

## Advanced packages

Here are some great packages for continuing with R

- dplyr, ggplot2, leaflet, pplotly, rcharts, shiny

## Advanced class

Beginning in September, we will have an "advanced" R class at CISM. However, in order to qualify for this class, you first need to submit the exercise from [Modulo 4](http://cismr.com/2016/modulo-4) and complete the evaluation (below). 

Please email your evaluation to joebrew@gmail.com before July 1, 2016.

